Argumentum ad Somaliam: A variation of the flase dichotomy fallacy by which one assumes that the only intellectual alternative to one's local government is Somalia. "If you hate government so much, why don't you move to Somalia?"
Argumentum ad Unicorno: A variation of the speciial plaeading fallacy by which one appeals to a mental construct to justify otherwise irrational behavior. "The Social Contract dictates that cops can beat black people to death if they want to."
Statist Alchemy: A belief that a carefully measured add-mixture of multiple criminal activities can result in a just society.  For example: violence, coercion, and theft can produce peace, security, and freedom.
Social Contract: a modern invention of philosophy to justify the actions of the monarchy. "If it weren't for the social contract, everyone would be raping and killing each other.  Now, thanks to the Social Contract, only the king is allowed to do so."
Minarchism: The belief that organized crime is tolerable in small enough quantities if directed at the proper end. "Government is evil... but we do still need a military."
Anarchy: No masters
Gracious Thief: A man who holds the belief that money stolen on behalf of the victim is not actually stolen. "Taxation may be theft, but the tax money was invested into schools and roads, so it's ok."
Libertarianism: 1) A political ideology/party which corresponds to minarchism.  2) The phiosophical belief that one has absolute free will, unimpeded by social or biological restrictions.
Concrete Historicism: The elief that the things that exist now are solely the product of things in the past and could not possibly have come into being without events being precicely what they were.  "There is no concievable way in which we could develop modern medicine without Nazi Contentration camps."
You didn't build that: A variation of the Non Sequitur(affirming the consequent) fallacy by which one confuses the source of resources used for construction with the source of the construction itself. "If you ever drove on a road, used the phone, or took medicine, the government get's credit for your entire life."
You couldn't have built that: A follow-up to "You didn't Build THat" See Concrete Historicism.

171eB18Yg39JpkLrrL8Wji5kj1ATGoyPay